At our convention, they had the meeting for the School for Kingdom of Angelizers.
My friend Anton asked if I was going to go.
Thank you, Bill.
Oh, hey, Anton.
Are you coming?
To what?
The ESK meeting.
Oh, no, I wasn't planning on it.
But...
All right.
Yeah, sure.
I'll go.
Okay, then.
I left over a second.
I went, but I felt conflicted.
I thought...
I already have an assignment, one that I love.
But I didn't fully understand the incredible privilege of attending ESK.
I asked the circuit officer a few more questions, and it felt like...
This is it.
It seemed right, and all I had to do was apply online.
But...
That was months ago.
Saw us folding you back.
I feel like Jehovah led me here, and I've never been happier.
But now another door's opened, and...
The fear's back.
It doesn't matter how far you've come, fear of the unknown could be overwhelming.
Sometimes you need a reminder that Jehovah's leading you in the right direction.
Here's one to keep in mind.
Philippians 4, 13.
Read it.
And just think about how far Jehovah's taking you.
For all things, I have the strength...
Through the one who gives me pride.
Jehovah is in control.
What was I so afraid of?
I'm bringing too much.
ESK is for two months.
Oh, you would just delight you too.
Bringing every last thing with you.
Can I?
Can I leave this with you?
It's been on a few adventures, but it's still great for travel.
Really?
Yeah, please.
Who knows you might need it sometimes, too.